Click here to visit the extended exploration: Sierpi«ski's triangle
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Koch curve
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Squares, triangles, segments
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Big Graphs
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Who Is the Best Age Guesser?
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Interpreting Graphs with Distance Match
Click here to visit the extended exploration: NAME
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Exploring the Three Families
Create something on the website for this. Maybe links to desmos pages w/ sliders.
Closing Remarks of some kind, since we're venturing off into the linear unit now...
Click here to visit the extended exploration: NAME
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Mystery Numbers
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Evil Mystery Numbers
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Super Evil Mystery Numbers
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Dreadful Mystery Numbers
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Mixed Bag 'O Problems
Remember: Since we moved transforming formulas before the linear equations formulae, we should add a bit about transforming standard from later.
fix example numbering here
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Multiply and Conquer
Graphs and visuals for DV
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Teeter Totter Nickels
asymptote in I.V. section
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Calculating Speed
Click here to visit the extended exploration: Deriving the Point Slope Form
Systems: The word problems in this chapter should all connect into one story, IMHO... perhaps advancing the overall story.
Systems: Some pictures of the word problems would be helpful.
Systems: Some conclusion might be good?
Idea: include Zeno's paradox here? Or as a journal prompt or activity of some kind?
LINK.
Could we link to an exploration about this?
What's the name of the monkey enclosue where the gorilla mauling happens?
